Add examples for `memory_limit` and `statement_timeout` to docs (#17032)
crate/crate: docs/config/session.rst

    All the active settings for a session can also be retrieved from the
    :ref:`sys.sessions <sys-sessions>` table.

> .. NOTE::
>     Default values for session settings can be defined per user role since CrateDB 5.9: :ref:`ALTER ROLE <ref-alter-role>`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. NOTE::
    Default values for session settings can set per role using :ref:`ALTER ROLE
    <ref-alter-role>`.
```
